# Project-Euler-Portfolio
"""After taking APCSP and APCSA, I wanted to learn to code in python. I worked with my CS teacher to design a class built around Project Euler. I would highly recommend googling it. projecteuler.net is a crazy cool website. It has just over 900 different complex math problems which are designed to be solved by a computer program within one minute. However, it often takes much longer than one minute to write such a clever program. Once you do figure it out, and you get your solution verified on the website, you gain access to a private channel full of other Project Euler member who solved the problem. There you can post your solution and talk about it with other members."""
"""Because writing these programs yourself are such valuable (and at times frustrating) experiences, the Project Euler organizers really aim to keep the solutions to these problems unpublished, and members who do discuss solutions outside of these private channels on the website can be banned. However, they do give permission for members to share solutions of the first 100 problems, as long as such outside discussion is for educational purposes. Thus, we decided the goal of my class would be to find the solutions to the first 100 problems. As it is a semester long class, the pacing is seven problems per week. Averaging one problem per day is rather quick--please excuse any awkwardness or imperfections."""
"""This portfolio is the final for the class: all of my work throughout the whole semester, all one hundred solutions, in one spot. I take pride in this work. Any code here is typed out by my hand, not some AI or some programming-obsessed friend of mine who I have yet to meet. I do discuss my work with others--especially after I have finished a problem and if I have found the solution interesting. However, this is my work, not anyone else's. I feel a great ownership over this project, and I don't take anyone else's code."""
